---
layout: post
title: Setup 
date:   2016-01-01 00:00:00 +0000
categories: jekyll update
permalink: setup
---

## Configuring EMS Event Notifications 

EMS Event Notifications must be configured to communicate with the EMS Web Services. The EMS configuration file must be modified as follows. Please view the EMS User’s Guide for more detailed information on configuring Event Notifications.

    eventLogger= 
    {
      sinks=
      { 
        {
          type="RPC", 
          url="http://192.168.2.39:8888/evowebservices/evowebservices.php",    
          serializerType="JSON",
          -- serializerType="XML" 
          -- serializerType="XMLRPC"
          enabledEvents= 
          { 
            "inStreamCreated",
            "outStreamCreated",
            "streamCreated",
            "inStreamCodecsUpdated",
            "outStreamCodecsUpdated",
            "streamCodecsUpdated",
            "inStreamClosed",
            "outStreamClosed",
            "streamClosed",
            "cliRequest",
            "cliResponse",
            "applicationStart",
            "applicationStop",
            "carrierCreated",
            "carrierClosed",
            "serverStarted",
            "serverStopping",
            "protocolRegisteredToApp",
            "protocolUnregisteredFromApp",
            "processStarted",
            "processStopped"
          }, 
        }, 
      }, 

The **`enabledEvents`** parameter is optional and allows you to specify only the events which you wish to receive. **If the enabledEvents section is not specified, all events will be generated.** The list of all possible events can be found above, and more detail on each event can be found in the EMS API Definition document.

The EMS Web Services rely on EMS Events being generated as follows:

1. **RPC** – Remote Procedure Calls. Event details are transmitted to a remote host via HTTP POST. The EMS will ignore any response from the remote host.
   
   RPC sink configuration:
   
        type="RPC",
        url="http://localhost/evowebservices/evowebservices.php", serializerType="JSON" 
   
   The url field specifies the destination which will be accepting the HTTP POST event notifications. In this example, the web services are installed on the same computer that the EMS is running on (“localhost”). This value can be changed to the IP address of the computer running the web services.
   
2. **JSON**

   Format of JSON POST:

        {"payload":{"creationTimestamp":1349335053486.4370,"name":"","queryTimestamp":1349335053487.4370,"type":"NR","uniqueId":1,"upTime":1.0000},"type":"streamCreated"}


## Configuring the EMS Web Service Plugins 

Every EMS Web Service is contained within a “plugin”. Each plugin can be enabled or disabled, effectively turning on and off each web service. The EMS Web Service system allows many Web Service Plugins to be active at one time, allowing users to create an entire suite of features.

### Configuration file (config.ini)

The EMS Web Services has one primary configuration file, which is located at **evowebservices &gt; config &gt; config.ini.**

Turn on a plugin by changing the **disabled** to **enabled**. By default all plugins are disabled.

Plugin Configuration:

    StreamLoadBalancer = disabled 
    StreamAutoRouter = disabled
    StreamRecorder = disabled
    AmazonHDSUpload = disabled
    AmazonHLSUpload = disabled 
